It's really majestic
Did you know
You're risking your life.
Dad?
This is the head of the Xiao family from a top wealthy family.
Now the Xiao family must regret it to death
I didn't expect that this device turned out to be the Lord God of Tianmen!
Xiao Lingtian, since you dare to pretend to be a protoss
I don't know what to do.
Impersonating Dad
Are you mistaken?
You said he pretended to be the Lord of Gods
Impersonation of course
Get up, you are such a good father to me
What right do you have to say I'm impersonating?
Xiao family, are you mistaken?
This is something that President Wan has confirmed
You fools
I see.
Is it a play played by Xiao Lingtian and Wan Guohao?
Otherwise
Do you really think this woman
Will it be a person like God bestowed by the God of Tianmen?
Impudent get up
Who gave you the guts to talk nonsense here?
I think you want to be honored by the Universal Chamber of Commerce
IWC
In the past, my Xiao family
I will be afraid of you, the Universal Chamber of Commerce
But now you can't move the International Chamber of Commerce
In 3 days, the Lord God will hold a dawn
God not only invited my Xiao family to attend the banquet
It is also the chief of the Xiao family
Dad, what you said is true
Of course it's true.
If this example is really China
For his hatred of me
He will ask our Xiao family
It will also let our Xiao family sit
chief
Wan Ruohao bullies you to go up
use influence for personal gain
A boat wins three days the day after tomorrow and night
I will be heavier than Mingshen
So far
I see.
I have long heard that President Wan has a friendship with the Tang family
This President Wan can hand over this trillion-dollar project to the Tang family
It must be for personal gain
Cunle selfishness
Yes, if this Ye Longyuan is the real god
How could it be possible to invite the Xiao family to the Tianmen Banquet?
This Ye Longyuan is a hit